hello everyone this is the Lego builder
also known as the Lego reviewer now on
youtube and I wanted to show you guys
this awesome 2012 Lego c-3po he will be
available in the 2012 lego star wars set
called droid escape I think it will be
for twenty bucks nine 490 i believe so
anyways just want to show you the
minifigure before it's publicly released
a week before Christmas I believe so
anyways just some nice in detail the
torso is now different and the back is
different shows the wires and such I
know it's very nice got it on eBay came
all the way from Mexico so I am one of
the first people to actually see the
minifigure before it's released so I
feel extremely lucky a little bit about
me you guys might have heard about me on
brickset and such brickset on ebay i
guess also lego forums like my lego
network and stuff so anyways here is a
custom that I bought and there will be a
review about that next year also I like
to do SATs review sets and I also make
my own customs um here's an example of
one it's not that bad it's some a Lego
old republic trooper so nice decal work
I guess not as good as minifig makers
but um so the legs can move and the
decals won't get ruined so anyways
that's what I do and so please subscribe
next year I plan to make more videos
hopefully I'll get some people to
subscribe to my videos so I'll be doing
Lego customs be making like a custom
showing you the latest Star Wars sets
and also Lego minifigure customs and
sets as well so anyways go and click
subscribe and I will see you guys later